---
layout: post
title: "두 변수를 교환하는 SWAP"
author: "Amy"
---

### SWAP 방식을 활용하여 무조건 큰 수에서 작은수를 빼기

{% highlight swift %}
var number1: Int = 5
var number2: Int = 10

if number1 < number2
{
    var temp = number2
    number2 = number1
    number1 = temp
}

print(number1 - number2)
{% endhighlight %}


### In-Out Parameter 이용하기

##### resources from [Apple Document](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Swift/Conceptual/Swift_Programming_Language/Functions.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40014097-CH10-ID173)

- Function parameters are constants by default. Trying to change the value of a function parameter from within the body of that function results in a compile-time error. This means that you can’t change the value of a parameter by mistake. If you want a function to modify a parameter’s value, and you want those changes to persist after the function call has ended, define that parameter as an in-out parameter instead.

- You write an in-out parameter by placing the inout keyword right before a parameter’s type. An in-out parameter has a value that is passed in to the function, is modified by the function, and is passed back out of the function to replace the original value. For a detailed discussion of the behavior of in-out parameters and associated compiler optimizations, see In-Out Parameters.

- You can only pass a variable as the argument for an in-out parameter. You cannot pass a constant or a literal value as the argument, because constants and literals cannot be modified. **You place an ampersand (&) directly before a variable’s name when you pass it as an argument to an in-out parameter, to indicate that it can be modified by the function.**

{% highlight swift %}
func swapTwoInts(_ a: inout Int, _ b: inout Int) {
    let temporaryA = a
    a = b
    b = temporaryA
}
{% endhighlight %}


{% highlight swift %}
var someInt = 3
var anotherInt = 107
swapTwoInts(&someInt, &anotherInt)
{% endhighlight %}